Add API to completely disable Runtime Debug UI (#5339)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition/Documentation~/Render-Pipeline-Debug-Window.md

## Using the Render Pipeline Debugger window

To open the Render Pipeline Debugger window in the Editor, go to  **Window > Analysis > Rendering Debugger**. You can also open this window at runtime in Play Mode, or in the standalone Unity Player on any device on **Development build**. Use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+Backspace (Ctrl+Delete on macOS) or press L3 and R3 (Left Stick and Right Stick) on a controller to open the window.

You can display read-only items such as the FPS counter independently of the **Render Pipeline Debugger** window. This means that when you disable the **Render Pipeline Debugger** window, they are still visible in the top right corner of the screen. This is particularly useful if you want to track particular values without cluttering the screen.

> You can disable the runtime UI entirely by using the [enableRuntimeUI](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.core@12.0/api/UnityEngine.Rendering.DebugManager.html#UnityEngine_Rendering_DebugManager_enableRuntimeUI) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable the runtime UI entirely by using the [enableRuntimeUI](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.core@latest/api/UnityEngine.Rendering.DebugManager.html#UnityEngine_Rendering_DebugManager_enableRuntimeUI) property.
```

Or a relative path maybe? ../api/UnityEngine.Rendering.DebugManager.html#UnityEngine_Rendering_DebugManager_enableRuntimeUI

Author: Good catch, thanks! I did what you suggested, relative path won't work here because it's referring to core package and this is HD docs.
